level 0
keywords ILIST
---
Syntax:  ilist               - list all known ICE channels

         ilist <channel>     - list details on one ICE channel


IList displays information on channels active on ICE.

Without arguments, it will produce a display similar to:


Name            Local name      Owner           Policy

hub2:IAdmin     IAdmin          Nemon@AR        open

hub2:ICode      ICode                                    (inactive)

hub2:test       (not local)     Nemon@ARtest    private


This shows the canonical name (eg. hub2:IAdmin), the local name (eg IAdmin

- which can be used as an abbreviation in ISETUP, and which is also

the command to speak on that channel), the owner of the channel (eg.

Nemon@AR), and the channel's policy (see ICE-POLICY).


If a channel is not configured locally, it will have (not local) for its

local name.


If a channel is configured locally, but is not actually active on IMC, it

will have an (inactive) flag on it.


IList with a channel name will provide detailed information on that

channel. For example:


Channel hub2:IAdmin:

  Local name: IAdmin

  Format 1:   (IAdmin) %s: %s

  Format 2:   (IAdmin) %s %s

  Level:      102


  Policy:     open

  Owner:      Nemon@AR

  Operators:  Drylock@AR

  Invited:    NiceGuy@SomeMud

  Excluded:   SomeMud


This displays the channel name, local name, policy, and owner, as above. It

also displays:


- the minimum level needed on your mud to see the channel


- the format for displaying messages from the channel. These can contain

  any color codes etc. that your mud uses.


  Format1 is the string displayed when someone speaks normally on the

  channel - the first %s is replaced by their name, the second %s by what

  they say.


  Format2 is a similar string for emotes. Again the first %s is their name,

  the second %s the text of their emote.


- any operators for the channel. This can only be changed by the owner of

  the channel. Operators can modify the 'invited' and 'excluded' fields

  via the ISETUP command.


- the invited and excluded people on the channel. See ICE-POLICY for

  more details.


See also: IMC ICE ISETUP ICOMMAND ICE-POLICY

